Bayes Factors for Superiority, Non-inferiority, and Equivalence Designs
=======================================================================

Welcome. This website allows you to easily calculate Bayes factors for
the superiority, non-inferiority, and equivalence designs. This website
was built using Shiny and implements the baymedr software (Linde & van
Ravenzwaaij, 2019), written in R (R Core Team, 2019), that was
specifically developed to calculate Bayes factors for these three
designs. Usage of this Shiny app does not require any programming skills
and is, thus, immediately accessible for every researcher.

Bayes factors
-------------

bla bla bla

Superiority
-----------

The superiority test gathers evidence of whether the experimental group
is superior to the control group. Importantly, sometimes low and
sometimes high values on the measure of interest represent superiority.
By its very nature, the superiority test consists of a one-sided test.
Oftentimes, however, the superiority test is conducted as a two-sided
test with subsequent confirmation that the effect goes in the expected
direction.

Non-inferiority
---------------

The non-inferiority test gathers evidence of whether the experimental
condition is not worse by a certain amount - which is given by the
non-inferiority margin - than the control group. Here as well, sometimes
low and sometimes high values on the outcome measure represent
non-inferiority.

Equivalence
-----------

The equivalence test gathers evidence of whether the experimental and
control groups are (practically) equivalent on some outcome measure.
Equivalence could be defined by an interval that contains all the values
that are considered practically equivalent to no effect or by setting a
point null hypothesis.

References
----------

Linde, M., & van Ravenzwaaij, D. (2019). *baymedr: Computation of Bayes
factors for common biomedical designs*.
<https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=baymedr>

R Core Team. (2019). *R: A language and environment for statistical
computing*. R Foundation for Statistical Computing.
<https://www.R-project.org/>
